d day friends
we are here with the nexus 7 the tablet from 7
inches of google that surely
you know and we show you today one
small preview of what android
4.242 was released today though
only in the hands of the download for
established here therefore it must be forced the
loading in the coming days
surely google will make it available
update on air ota and all
owners can do to equip
live update at the moment you can
we did it
it is only a matter of sending the file
zip point downloaded to the desktop at
device but an operation that we recommend
to do to everyone even if you can find
quietly the guides on the internet and
if you follow them you should reach
conclude the transaction with no
problem
what brings the 4.2 on the tablet
vehicles we talked about android 4.0
we once said he was a
small update of jelly beans is
made especially for tablets because how
see below there is already a small one
Announcements
the most important news is precisely the
multiuser on the android tablet allows
to manage two or more users on the same
system every user will have his
lockscreen obviously every user at
its applications
every user will have his part
configured and eventually will also be
You can protect your own
part with its apps if its data is
whatever else we see just that
unlocking for example second account
we are catapulted into this baseball
while they call and call us back
that of the owner we come
catapult instead into what is the
right of the owner with the
applications that were open then a
true multitasking in the long run must
see if this multitasking with double
user or even more than one more than
prudence takes away
autonomy to the tar we see how it is
add additional loads, the
settings added this this
small tab called users where
we can go and add we have
reached our and the editorial staff
adding an additional the ok not it
we configure now but there is a user in
more than appears below when
we click on the additional user and we do
starting swipe the automatically
tablet allows a configuration
device wizard by associating
google account and then uploading
his other personal settings
news of android 4.2 that we remember
always calls jelly beans
as you can see the system has changed
still the screen because for each user
assigns a different background such that
be recognizable
who used this tablet is immediately
the difference in exchange rate of different fund
for the time and presence of others
own additional screens that you don't have
seen on nexus 4 to reach gods
widget directly on the screen
but there are few, but we could
add many more for example
we are adding a folder of the
mail news obviously google music
other news integrated into google play
today google has opened google music yes
can load up to 20,000 songs
no limits on the cloud space e
automatically if we do update
google play music on the device will come
downloaded these tracks from the cloud for
upload tracks you need to download
an application on the computer because
we saw that if he eats it
music loaded on the device does not come
recognized by the scan ha function
instead it is not made available on
cloud so you have to go to
recharge it manually and in case
which is recognized will be made
available with the scan function
and match news today
even here the chance to buy
music in addition to charging it
therefore beyond the applications books is
just the music tab appeared there
will allow you to download and buy
some that will be part of ours
entertainment package of the nexus 7
other two new features of android 4.2 ipx7 in
they saw them on one side
pulling down
in the center is the notification bar
instead pulling us where the clock is
It appears quiz pollute the bar 7
small icons that go to manage for
eg wireless or bluetooth la
wife tahereh brightness and recall
directly the settings this not
was available on 4.1 jelly beans is
occurring on the gelima 4.2
last thing we do the keyboard
see for example that it has been added
a keyboard and swipe type we must do
of gods we can simply drag
now of course it's a bit difficult with
but only the basic Roberto ideas
drag a delta swipe your fingers over the
on the keyboard to make google dial
the desired word